Add documentation for PECO Smart Meter (#22566)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/peco.markdown

The PECO Outage Counter integration allows you to get the current count of power outages for any county, and the total for the operating region too.

> There are two different modes available:

Reviewer: As per comment on the core PR as well, these modes do not make a lot of sense IMHO. 

This should either be not different modes and just provide everything all the time, or should be split into different integrations (as there are two different goals involved?)

../Frenck

The PECO Outage Counter integration allows you to get the current count of power outages for any county, and the total for the operating region too.

> - **Outage Count**: This will return the current outage count for a county or the entire operating region.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Outage Count**: This will return the current number of outages of a county or the entire operating region.
```
